1 - What is prune fetch?
- 1. git fetch -prune The git fetch -prune <remote> command deletes all the objets that are not reachable from the git remote repository.
  2. git remote prune origin The git remote prune origin command deletes all the unreachable objects from the remote repository but it doesn't fetch them.
  3. The Git prune command is used to delete all the files that are not reachable from the current branch. 
  4. Unreachable objects are objects that are inaccessible from any of the available references. 
  5. The primary use of the Git prune command is to clean the working directory after we finish the work on the project. 
  6. If an object or commit is no more reachable from the current branch, the git prune command will delete that object or commit from the working directory.
  Commands
	Let us look at the Git prune commands and their usage.
	git fetch -prune The git fetch -prune <remote> command deletes all the objects that are not reachable from the git remote repository.
	git remote prune origin The git remote prune origin command deletes all the unreachable objects from the remote repository but it doesn't fetch them.
	git config -global fetch.prune true The git config -global fetch.
	prune true command is used to configure git to prune the remote repository when we fetch it.

2 - what is squash?
-  	Git squash is a feature that allows developers to simplify the tree structure of a Git repository by merging multiple sequential commits. 
	The process involves choosing a base commit and merging all the changes from the sequential commits into the selected one.
	Squashing produces one base commit which contains changes from several selected commits.
	
3 - what is interactive interface of squash?
- 	The first thing you need to do is to tell Git how far back you want to rebase. 
	So if you want to squash all those commits in the new-feature branch together, you need to go back 6 commits. 
	Now, you need to replace all those pick with squash (or simply s ) apart from the first one.
	
4 - What is merge conflicts ?
-	A git merge conflict is an event that takes place when Git is unable to automatically resolve differences in code between two commits. 
	Git can merge the changes automatically only if the commits are on different lines or branches.
	
5 - how to resolve it merge conflicts?
- 	There are a few steps that could reduce the steps needed to resolve merge conflicts in Git.

Step 1: The easiest way to resolve a conflicted file is to open it and make any necessary changes.

Step 2: After editing the file, we can use the git add a command to stage the new merged content.

Step 3: The final step is to create a new commit with the help of the git commit command.

Step 4: Git will create a new merge commit to finalize the merge. 